added 2 new snap sync pages (#525)
ethereum-optimism/docs: pages/builders/node-operators/tutorials/mainnet.mdx

## Get the Migrated Data Directory

<Callout>
Data directories are **not required** for nodes using [snap sync](/builders/node-operators/management/snap-sync) but are still required for archive nodes and in instances when you need to trace the entire chain.
If you run a node using snap sync, then you can safely skip this section.

> </Callout>

Reviewer: I think we should feature snap sync + the difference between full nodes & archive nodes much more prominently here.

My sample diff: https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/docs/pull/532

Author: page updated per #532

openssl rand -hex 32 > jwt.txt
```

### Start `op-geth`

It's generally easier to start `op-geth` before starting `op-node`.
You can still start `op-geth` without yet running `op-node`, but the `op-geth` instance will simply not receive any blocks until `op-node` is started.

<Callout type="warning"> 

> *   Set `syncmode=EL` on `op-node` if you don't set `syncmode=full` here on op-geth.
> *   For archive nodes, set `syncmode=full` and `gcmode=archive`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   Set `--syncmode=execution-layer` on `op-node` if you don't set `--syncmode=full` here on op-geth.
*   For archive nodes, set `--syncmode=full` and `--gcmode=archive` on `op-geth`
```

>   --authrpc.jwtsecret=./jwt.txt \

Reviewer: The datadir path comment `export DATADIR_PATH=... # Path to the migrated data directory` should probably read `export DATADIR_PATH=... # Path to the desired data directory for op-geth`

Author: updated

INFO [06-26|14:02:12.982] Starting work on payload                 id=0x5542117d680dbd4e
```

## Archive Nodes

> 

Reviewer: Let's add a callout here that you only need an archive node if you need historical state & users should default to full nodes.

Author: added!

A corrupted database can include invalid data or may cause your node to fail.
Verify the integrity of the download by checking the SHA256 checksum of the downloaded file.

```bash
sha256sum <filename>
```

For instance, if you've downloaded the very first database snapshot, you can verify the download by running the following command:

```bash
sha256sum mainnet-bedrock.tar.zst
```

You should see then following output:

```bash
ec4baf47e309a14ffbd586dc85376833de640c0f2a8d7355cb8a9e64c38bfcd1  mainnet-bedrock.tar.zst
```

Your exact output will depend on the snapshot you've downloaded.
Check the [OP Mainnet Snapshots](/builders/node-operators/management/snapshots#op-mainnet) page for the correct checksum for the snapshot you've downloaded.

{<h3>Extract the Data Directory</h3>}

Once you've downloaded the database snapshot, you'll need to extract it to a directory on your machine.
This will take some time to complete.

```bash
tar xvf <filename>
```

For instance, if you've downloaded the very first database snapshot, you can extract it by running the following command:

```bash
tar xvf mainnet-bedrock.tar.zst
```

> {<h3>Initialize op-geth with the datadir </h3>}

Reviewer: TODO @sbvegan did we have these steps somewhere? Maybe we should cut this step as it's basically just extracting datadir into the folder.

Reviewer 2: Yeah we can get rid of this step. Its here on the configuration page: https://docs.optimism.io/builders/node-operators/management/configuration#initialization-via-genesis-file

This initialization is just for networks other than op mainnet (non migrated networks)

Author: step removed! are we good to publish now?

A corrupted database can include invalid data or may cause your node to fail.
Verify the integrity of the download by checking the SHA256 checksum of the downloaded file.

```bash
sha256sum <filename>
```

For instance, if you've downloaded the very first database snapshot, you can verify the download by running the following command:

```bash
sha256sum mainnet-bedrock.tar.zst
```

You should see then following output:

```bash
ec4baf47e309a14ffbd586dc85376833de640c0f2a8d7355cb8a9e64c38bfcd1  mainnet-bedrock.tar.zst
```

Your exact output will depend on the snapshot you've downloaded.
Check the [OP Mainnet Snapshots](/builders/node-operators/management/snapshots#op-mainnet) page for the correct checksum for the snapshot you've downloaded.

{<h3>Extract the Data Directory</h3>}

Once you've downloaded the database snapshot, you'll need to extract it to a directory on your machine.
This will take some time to complete.

```bash
tar xvf <filename>
```

For instance, if you've downloaded the very first database snapshot, you can extract it by running the following command:

```bash
tar xvf mainnet-bedrock.tar.zst
```

> {<h3>Configure op-geth differently </h3>}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{<h3>Configure op-geth for archive mode</h3>}
```
